#18930 - Fix to v-table show-select='one' (#18931)
directus/directus: .changeset/fair-years-itch.md

---
'@directus/extensions-sdk': patch
---

> Fix to v-table show-select behaviour allow for radio buttons to have multi-select (unexpected behaviour)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `v-table` allowing radio buttons to have multiple selection values when the `show-select` prop was set to `one`
```
